README.md, before:

# Home Assistant Sharesight integration
![Project Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-in%20production-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)


- Supports both normal sharesight accounts, and edge accounts (developer accounts)
- To add additional markets and/or cash accounts, you need to refresh the integration manually (working on making it automatic)

## Services
This allows you to monitor your sharesight portfolio value, currently supports:
- Dividend Gain
- Dividend Gain Percent
- Currency Gain
- Currency Gain Percent
- Total Gain
- Total Gain Percent
- Capital Gain
- Capital Gain Percent
- Portfolio Value
- Market Value (for each market you hold shares in, shown in local currency)
- Cash Account Value (for each cash account (includes xero cash accounts))



Get API details by following these steps here: https://portfolio.sharesight.com/api/

## Installation using HACS

1. Use [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download), in `HACS > Integrations > Hamburger Menu > Custom Repositories add https://github.com/Poshy163/HomeAssistant-Sharesight with category set to integration.
2. in `HACS > Integrations > Explore & Add Repositories` search for "Sharesight". 
3. Restart Home Assistant.
4. Enable Advanced Mode using Profile (click on your username at the bottom of the navigation column) -> Advanced Mode -> On
5. Log out of HomeAssistant and back in again
6. In the HA UI go to "Configuration" -> "Integrations" click "+" and search for "Sharesight".
7. You will be prompted for the API details to your Sharesight Account

## Manual Installation

1. Make a custom_components/sharesight folder in your Home Assistant file system.
2. Copy all the files and folders from this repository into that custom_components/sharesight folder
3. Restart Home Assistant
4. Enable Advanced Mode using Profile (click on your username at the bottom of the navigation column) -> Advanced Mode -> On
5. Log out of HomeAssistant and back in again
6. Setup this integration via `Configuration -> Integrations -> Add -> Sharesight`
7. You will be prompted for the API details to your Sharesight Account

Commit message:

Added support for automatic market/cash account sensor adding and voiding

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant Sharesight integration
![Project Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-in%20production-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)


- Supports both normal sharesight accounts, and edge accounts (developer accounts)
- Supports automatically adding additional markets and/or cash accounts (set to check every 10 minutes)

## Services
This allows you to monitor your sharesight portfolio value, currently supports:
- Dividend Gain
- Dividend Gain Percent
- Currency Gain
- Currency Gain Percent
- Total Gain
- Total Gain Percent
- Capital Gain
- Capital Gain Percent
- Portfolio Value
- Market Value (for each market you hold shares in, shown in local currency)
- Cash Account Value (for each cash account (includes xero cash accounts))
- Portfolio ID



Get API details by following these steps here: https://portfolio.sharesight.com/api/

## Installation using HACS

1. Use [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download), in `HACS > Integrations > Hamburger Menu > Custom Repositories add https://github.com/Poshy163/HomeAssistant-Sharesight with category set to integration.
2. in `HACS > Integrations > Explore & Add Repositories` search for "Sharesight". 
3. Restart Home Assistant.
4. Enable Advanced Mode using Profile (click on your username at the bottom of the navigation column) -> Advanced Mode -> On
5. Log out of HomeAssistant and back in again
6. In the HA UI go to "Configuration" -> "Integrations" click "+" and search for "Sharesight".
7. You will be prompted for the API details to your Sharesight Account

## Manual Installation

1. Make a custom_components/sharesight folder in your Home Assistant file system.
2. Copy all the files and folders from this repository into that custom_components/sharesight folder
3. Restart Home Assistant
4. Enable Advanced Mode using Profile (click on your username at the bottom of the navigation column) -> Advanced Mode -> On
5. Log out of HomeAssistant and back in again
6. Setup this integration via `Configuration -> Integrations -> Add -> Sharesight`
7. You will be prompted for the API details to your Sharesight Account
